Initial attempt at combining tutorials and codelabs (#4875)
dart-lang/site-www: src/codelabs/null-safety.md

---
title: Null safety tutorial
description: Learn about and practice writing null-safe code in DartPad!
js: [{url: 'https://dartpad.dev/inject_embed.dart.js', defer: true}]
---
{% assign useIframe = false -%}
<?code-excerpt replace="/ *\/\/\s+ignore_for_file:[^\n]+\n//g; /(^|\n)*\/\/\s+ignore:[^\n]+\n/$1/g; /(\n[^\n]+) *\/\/\s+ignore:[^\n]+\n/$1\n/g"?>
<?code-excerpt plaster="none"?>

> This tutorial teaches you about Dart’s [null-safe type system](/null-safety),
> which was introduced in Dart 2.12. When you opt into null safety,
> types in your code are non-nullable by default,
> meaning that values can’t be `null` unless you say they can be.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading).
```suggestion
This tutorial explains Dart’s [null-safe type system](/null-safety).
Dart 2.12 introduced null safety and Dart 3 made it the default setting.
With null safety, types in your code default to non-nullable.
This means that values can’t be `null` unless you say they can be.
```

Using embedded DartPad editors, you can test your knowledge by
completing and running exercises. To get the most out of
this tutorial, you should have some knowledge of [basic Dart syntax](/language).

{{site.alert.note}}

>   This page uses embedded DartPads to display exercises.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Add a link to DartPad.
```suggestion
  This page uses embedded [DartPads](/tools/dartpad) to display exercises.
```

## What's next?

> Congratulations, you've finished the tutorial! If you'd like to learn more, here
> are some suggestions for where to go next:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Phrase as a call to action and avoid "here".
```suggestion
Congratulations, you've finished the tutorial!
To learn more about null safety, we suggest the following topics:
```

-   Learn more about null safety:
    -   Overview: [Sound null safety](/null-safety).
    -   Deep dive:
        [Understanding null safety](/null-safety/understanding-null-safety).
-   Try another [tutorial](/tutorials).
-   [Get the Dart SDK](/get-dart).

If you're interested in using embedded DartPads, like this tutorial does, see
[best practices for using DartPad in tutorials](/tools/dartpad/dartpad-best-practices).
If you're interested in improving this tutorial, see

> [issue #3093][].

Reviewer: **question:** This page isn't about DartPad, so I would delete that reference. Also, I don't recommend linking to the issue. The page has a button that can be clicked to review the code, then create an issue or PR.
